<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<!-- 2021-08-29 Sun 20:11 -->
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html;charset=utf-8" />
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
<title>Notes from FOSSHOST all hands meetings Aug 2021</title>
<meta name="generator" content="Org mode" />
<meta name="author" content="Corwin Brust" />
<style type="text/css">
 <!--/*--><![CDATA[/*><!--*/
  .title  { text-align: center;
             margin-bottom: .2em; }
  .subtitle { text-align: center;
              font-size: medium;
              font-weight: bold;
              margin-top:0; }
  .todo   { font-family: monospace; color: red; }
  .done   { font-family: monospace; color: green; }
  .priority { font-family: monospace; color: orange; }
  .tag    { background-color: #eee; font-family: monospace;
            padding: 2px; font-size: 80%; font-weight: normal; }
  .timestamp { color: #bebebe; }
  .timestamp-kwd { color: #5f9ea0; }
  .org-right  { margin-left: auto; margin-right: 0px;  text-align: right; }
  .org-left   { margin-left: 0px;  margin-right: auto; text-align: left; }
  .org-center { margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto; text-align: center; }
  .underline { text-decoration: underline; }
  #postamble p, #preamble p { font-size: 90%; margin: .2em; }
  p.verse { margin-left: 3%; }
  pre {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
    box-shadow: 3px 3px 3px #eee;
    padding: 8pt;
    font-family: monospace;
    overflow: auto;
    margin: 1.2em;
  }
  pre.src {
    position: relative;
    overflow: auto;
    padding-top: 1.2em;
  }
  pre.src:before {
    display: none;
    position: absolute;
    background-color: white;
    top: -10px;
    right: 10px;
    padding: 3px;
    border: 1px solid black;
  }
  pre.src:hover:before { display: inline;}
  /* Languages per Org manual */
  pre.src-asymptote:before { content: 'Asymptote'; }
  pre.src-awk:before { content: 'Awk'; }
  pre.src-C:before { content: 'C'; }
  /* pre.src-C++ doesn't work in CSS */
  pre.src-clojure:before { content: 'Clojure'; }
  pre.src-css:before { content: 'CSS'; }
  pre.src-D:before { content: 'D'; }
  pre.src-ditaa:before { content: 'ditaa'; }
  pre.src-dot:before { content: 'Graphviz'; }
  pre.src-calc:before { content: 'Emacs Calc'; }
  pre.src-emacs-lisp:before { content: 'Emacs Lisp'; }
  pre.src-fortran:before { content: 'Fortran'; }
  pre.src-gnuplot:before { content: 'gnuplot'; }
  pre.src-haskell:before { content: 'Haskell'; }
  pre.src-hledger:before { content: 'hledger'; }
  pre.src-java:before { content: 'Java'; }
  pre.src-js:before { content: 'Javascript'; }
  pre.src-latex:before { content: 'LaTeX'; }
  pre.src-ledger:before { content: 'Ledger'; }
  pre.src-lisp:before { content: 'Lisp'; }
  pre.src-lilypond:before { content: 'Lilypond'; }
  pre.src-lua:before { content: 'Lua'; }
  pre.src-matlab:before { content: 'MATLAB'; }
  pre.src-mscgen:before { content: 'Mscgen'; }
  pre.src-ocaml:before { content: 'Objective Caml'; }
  pre.src-octave:before { content: 'Octave'; }
  pre.src-org:before { content: 'Org mode'; }
  pre.src-oz:before { content: 'OZ'; }
  pre.src-plantuml:before { content: 'Plantuml'; }
  pre.src-processing:before { content: 'Processing.js'; }
  pre.src-python:before { content: 'Python'; }
  pre.src-R:before { content: 'R'; }
  pre.src-ruby:before { content: 'Ruby'; }
  pre.src-sass:before { content: 'Sass'; }
  pre.src-scheme:before { content: 'Scheme'; }
  pre.src-screen:before { content: 'Gnu Screen'; }
  pre.src-sed:before { content: 'Sed'; }
  pre.src-sh:before { content: 'shell'; }
  pre.src-sql:before { content: 'SQL'; }
  pre.src-sqlite:before { content: 'SQLite'; }
  /* additional languages in org.el's org-babel-load-languages alist */
  pre.src-forth:before { content: 'Forth'; }
  pre.src-io:before { content: 'IO'; }
  pre.src-J:before { content: 'J'; }
  pre.src-makefile:before { content: 'Makefile'; }
  pre.src-maxima:before { content: 'Maxima'; }
  pre.src-perl:before { content: 'Perl'; }
  pre.src-picolisp:before { content: 'Pico Lisp'; }
  pre.src-scala:before { content: 'Scala'; }
  pre.src-shell:before { content: 'Shell Script'; }
  pre.src-ebnf2ps:before { content: 'ebfn2ps'; }
  /* additional language identifiers per "defun org-babel-execute"
       in ob-*.el */
  pre.src-cpp:before  { content: 'C++'; }
  pre.src-abc:before  { content: 'ABC'; }
  pre.src-coq:before  { content: 'Coq'; }
  pre.src-groovy:before  { content: 'Groovy'; }
  /* additional language identifiers from org-babel-shell-names in
     ob-shell.el: ob-shell is the only babel language using a lambda to put
     the execution function name together. */
  pre.src-bash:before  { content: 'bash'; }
  pre.src-csh:before  { content: 'csh'; }
  pre.src-ash:before  { content: 'ash'; }
  pre.src-dash:before  { content: 'dash'; }
  pre.src-ksh:before  { content: 'ksh'; }
  pre.src-mksh:before  { content: 'mksh'; }
  pre.src-posh:before  { content: 'posh'; }
  /* Additional Emacs modes also supported by the LaTeX listings package */
  pre.src-ada:before { content: 'Ada'; }
  pre.src-asm:before { content: 'Assembler'; }
  pre.src-caml:before { content: 'Caml'; }
  pre.src-delphi:before { content: 'Delphi'; }
  pre.src-html:before { content: 'HTML'; }
  pre.src-idl:before { content: 'IDL'; }
  pre.src-mercury:before { content: 'Mercury'; }
  pre.src-metapost:before { content: 'MetaPost'; }
  pre.src-modula-2:before { content: 'Modula-2'; }
  pre.src-pascal:before { content: 'Pascal'; }
  pre.src-ps:before { content: 'PostScript'; }
  pre.src-prolog:before { content: 'Prolog'; }
  pre.src-simula:before { content: 'Simula'; }
  pre.src-tcl:before { content: 'tcl'; }
  pre.src-tex:before { content: 'TeX'; }
  pre.src-plain-tex:before { content: 'Plain TeX'; }
  pre.src-verilog:before { content: 'Verilog'; }
  pre.src-vhdl:before { content: 'VHDL'; }
  pre.src-xml:before { content: 'XML'; }
  pre.src-nxml:before { content: 'XML'; }
  /* add a generic configuration mode; LaTeX export needs an additional
     (add-to-list 'org-latex-listings-langs '(conf " ")) in .emacs */
  pre.src-conf:before { content: 'Configuration File'; }

  table { border-collapse:collapse; }
  caption.t-above { caption-side: top; }
  caption.t-bottom { caption-side: bottom; }
  td, th { vertical-align:top;  }
  th.org-right  { text-align: center;  }
  th.org-left   { text-align: center;   }
  th.org-center { text-align: center; }
  td.org-right  { text-align: right;  }
  td.org-left   { text-align: left;   }
  td.org-center { text-align: center; }
  dt { font-weight: bold; }
  .footpara { display: inline; }
  .footdef  { margin-bottom: 1em; }
  .figure { padding: 1em; }
  .figure p { text-align: center; }
  .equation-container {
    display: table;
    text-align: center;
    width: 100%;
  }
  .equation {
    vertical-align: middle;
  }
  .equation-label {
    display: table-cell;
    text-align: right;
    vertical-align: middle;
  }
  .inlinetask {
    padding: 10px;
    border: 2px solid gray;
    margin: 10px;
    background: #ffffcc;
  }
  #org-div-home-and-up
   { text-align: right; font-size: 70%; white-space: nowrap; }
  textarea { overflow-x: auto; }
  .linenr { font-size: smaller }
  .code-highlighted { background-color: #ffff00; }
  .org-info-js_info-navigation { border-style: none; }
  #org-info-js_console-label
    { font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; white-space: nowrap; }
  .org-info-js_search-highlight
    { background-color: #ffff00; color: #000000; font-weight: bold; }
  .org-svg { width: 90%; }
  /*]]>*/-->
</style>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://fniessen.github.io/org-html-themes/src/readtheorg_theme/css/htmlize.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://fniessen.github.io/org-html-themes/src/readtheorg_theme/css/readtheorg.css"/>
<script src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/2.1.3/jquery.min.js"></script>
<script src="https://maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/3.3.4/js/bootstrap.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://fniessen.github.io/org-html-themes/src/lib/js/jquery.stickytableheaders.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://fniessen.github.io/org-html-themes/src/readtheorg_theme/js/readtheorg.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
// @license magnet:?xt=urn:btih:e95b018ef3580986a04669f1b5879592219e2a7a&dn=public-domain.txt Public Domain
<!--/*--><![CDATA[/*><!--*/
     function CodeHighlightOn(elem, id)
     {
       var target = document.getElementById(id);
       if(null != target) {
         elem.classList.add("code-highlighted");
         target.classList.add("code-highlighted");
       }
     }
     function CodeHighlightOff(elem, id)
     {
       var target = document.getElementById(id);
       if(null != target) {
         elem.classList.remove("code-highlighted");
         target.classList.remove("code-highlighted");
       }
     }
    /*]]>*///-->
// @license-end
</script>
</head>
<body>
<div id="content">
<h1 class="title">Notes from FOSSHOST all hands meetings Aug 2021</h1>
<div id="table-of-contents">
<h2>Table of Contents</h2>
<div id="text-table-of-contents">
<ul>
<li><a href="#org4ee0034">1. Overall Status</a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#org530b999">1.1. Additional Colo/Deployments</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><a href="#org7c165e7">2. Call to order (14:15)</a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#orgdab254a">2.1. Thanks for joining</a></li>
<li><a href="#org772ca62">2.2. Good community feedback (as seen in chat)</a></li>
<li><a href="#org02a7d8b">2.3. Cloud Mercado feedback is out</a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#org86a4c61">2.3.1. Being compared to paid platforms (while we're on a budget)</a></li>
<li><a href="#org5b3101f">2.3.2. Not embarrassing; in-flight improvements we're considered</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><a href="#org0211912">2.4. New volunteers</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><a href="#org387e21b">3. TODOs</a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#orge9aa922">3.1. Update (or remove) WIKI</a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#orgfc4c493">3.1.1. Corwin: focus on standalone documents in git</a></li>
<li><a href="#org712f277">3.1.2. Alyx: automation/federation</a></li>
<li><a href="#org83b78f2">3.1.3. Corwin: process gets stale/ignored fast</a></li>
<li><a href="#orgab159dd">3.1.4. Alyx: balance of expectations vs "not too worried about it"</a></li>
<li><a href="#org2b78945">3.1.5. <span class="todo TODO">TODO</span> research/suggest approach (Alyx)</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><a href="#org3f5d26a">3.2. RL - dedicated infra via equinix metal</a></li>
<li><a href="#org8fa9740">3.3. Expansion plans</a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#orgeaf7f74">3.3.1. UT - updating Debian (bullseye)</a></li>
<li><a href="#org053c1df">3.3.2. Hive - need UEFI keys?</a></li>
<li><a href="#org9419fc2">3.3.3. No work has been done on the London location</a></li>
<li><a href="#org7a12e8b">3.3.4. 12 new proxmox nodes</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><a href="#orgddec1e9">4. AARCH64</a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#orgee0f9dc">4.1. aquired some 240gb SATA SSD</a></li>
<li><a href="#org8bdc84c">4.2. Commercial Cloud Provider Support</a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#org7502869">4.2.1. Oracle has launched a program to support FOSS</a></li>
<li><a href="#orgb06ef8b">4.2.2. AWS has given us USD 5k credit &amp; USD 3K gift card to amazon.com</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><a href="#org26a8e1f">4.3. FOSS Project Conservation Updates</a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#orgada3eea">4.3.1. part of our original orginal focus</a></li>
<li><a href="#org28ad8b3">4.3.2. give projects org (as well as tech) infrastructure/support</a></li>
<li><a href="#orgae3c5ef">4.3.3. there are similar projects but nothing we think is "quite us"</a></li>
<li><a href="#orgcca270d">4.3.4. working title for the work is now "FOSSBANK"</a></li>
<li><a href="#org70c5786">4.3.5. at the prototype stage</a></li>
<li><a href="#orgb9a77a9">4.3.6. flavor of flow/products</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><a href="#org6e40611">5. Chat Channels</a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#orgdd739a9">5.1. We have quite a few right now</a></li>
<li><a href="#org689719e">5.2. VC text vs VC text private is especially confusing</a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#org17a2db2">5.2.1. generally use priv when chatting in a volunteers only</a></li>
<li><a href="#orgb13864c">5.2.2. renamed to include "volunteers" in the name</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><a href="#orgd9570be">5.3. some roadmap opportunities with</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><a href="#orgeeb63bb">6. Meeting ended (16:00)</a></li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
<blockquote>
<p>
These are the full and complete minutes recording the Aug 2021
FOSSHOST team ("All Hands") meeting. The overall status section was
added after the meeting.  There may be errors or omissions due e.g, to
digression; however, these notes were not (otherwise)
redacted/trimmed.  (Corwin)
</p>
</blockquote>

<div id="org875a7d2" class="figure">
<p><img src="fh-banner.png" alt="fh-banner.png" />
</p>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org4ee0034" class="outline-2">
<h2 id="org4ee0034"><span class="section-number-2">1</span> Overall Status</h2>
<div class="outline-text-2" id="text-1">
<ul class="org-ul">
<li><p>
We've added a number of new volunteers so far in 2021.
</p>

<p>
This was a first or second team meeting for several; we
did quick round of self-introductions from new-volunteers.
</p></li>

<li><p>
The network is also growing.
</p>

<p>
The next section lists our pending and in-flight deployments of
into new/expanded CoLo.
</p></li>

<li><p>
Progress is slow on documentation/policy/etc work.
</p>

<p>
Today we discussed the need to make good use of volunteers time
creating documentation by having specific "documentation projects"
prioritized and with questions and in idea of the time commitments
involved for SMEs to plan to better support that type of work
without disrupting other important work.
</p></li>

<li><p>
FOSSHOST will provide volunteers with headsets
</p>

<p>
If you need an headset, e.g. to participate in the team call let
Hope or another lead know. This doesn't cost cash thanks to
gift-card from Amazon!
</p></li>
</ul>
</div>

<div id="outline-container-org530b999" class="outline-3">
<h3 id="org530b999"><span class="section-number-3">1.1</span> Additional Colo/Deployments</h3>
<div class="outline-text-3" id="text-1-1">
<table border="2" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="6" rules="groups" frame="hsides">


<colgroup>
<col  class="org-left" />

<col  class="org-left" />
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td class="org-left">Location</td>
<td class="org-left">Status</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td class="org-left">Utah</td>
<td class="org-left">finish OS updates; deploy AARCH64 (hammy, team)</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td class="org-left">Boston</td>
<td class="org-left">finish OS updates; deploy AARCH64 (hammy/team)</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td class="org-left">London</td>
<td class="org-left">reqs FH staff onsite (thomas, deploy switch)</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td class="org-left">Canada</td>
<td class="org-left">Setup pending, awaiting staff-time/priority</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
</div>
</div>
</div>

<div id="outline-container-org7c165e7" class="outline-2">
<h2 id="org7c165e7"><span class="section-number-2">2</span> Call to order (14:15)</h2>
<div class="outline-text-2" id="text-2">
</div>
<div id="outline-container-orgdab254a" class="outline-3">
<h3 id="orgdab254a"><span class="section-number-3">2.1</span> Thanks for joining</h3>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org772ca62" class="outline-3">
<h3 id="org772ca62"><span class="section-number-3">2.2</span> Good community feedback (as seen in chat)</h3>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org02a7d8b" class="outline-3">
<h3 id="org02a7d8b"><span class="section-number-3">2.3</span> Cloud Mercado feedback is out</h3>
<div class="outline-text-3" id="text-2-3">
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org86a4c61" class="outline-4">
<h4 id="org86a4c61"><span class="section-number-4">2.3.1</span> Being compared to paid platforms (while we're on a budget)</h4>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org5b3101f" class="outline-4">
<h4 id="org5b3101f"><span class="section-number-4">2.3.2</span> Not embarrassing; in-flight improvements we're considered</h4>
</div>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org0211912" class="outline-3">
<h3 id="org0211912"><span class="section-number-3">2.4</span> New volunteers</h3>
</div>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org387e21b" class="outline-2">
<h2 id="org387e21b"><span class="section-number-2">3</span> TODOs</h2>
<div class="outline-text-2" id="text-3">
</div>
<div id="outline-container-orge9aa922" class="outline-3">
<h3 id="orge9aa922"><span class="section-number-3">3.1</span> Update (or remove) WIKI</h3>
<div class="outline-text-3" id="text-3-1">
</div>
<div id="outline-container-orgfc4c493" class="outline-4">
<h4 id="orgfc4c493"><span class="section-number-4">3.1.1</span> Corwin: focus on standalone documents in git</h4>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org712f277" class="outline-4">
<h4 id="org712f277"><span class="section-number-4">3.1.2</span> Alyx: automation/federation</h4>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org83b78f2" class="outline-4">
<h4 id="org83b78f2"><span class="section-number-4">3.1.3</span> Corwin: process gets stale/ignored fast</h4>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-orgab159dd" class="outline-4">
<h4 id="orgab159dd"><span class="section-number-4">3.1.4</span> Alyx: balance of expectations vs "not too worried about it"</h4>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org2b78945" class="outline-4">
<h4 id="org2b78945"><span class="section-number-4">3.1.5</span> <span class="todo TODO">TODO</span> research/suggest approach (Alyx)</h4>
<div class="outline-text-4" id="text-3-1-5">
<ul class="org-ul">
<li>get alignment from Nate/Hammy&amp;Corwin/Hope or Thomas</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org3f5d26a" class="outline-3">
<h3 id="org3f5d26a"><span class="section-number-3">3.2</span> RL - dedicated infra via equinix metal</h3>
<div class="outline-text-3" id="text-3-2">
<ul class="org-ul">
<li>project needed complex infra neededing dedicated infra</li>
<li>due to requirements around protecting signing-certs for gov use</li>
<li>not using due to need for an additional "jump-box"</li>
<li>this also needs a (second) dedicated host</li>
<li>nik a reached out to RL last week,
<ul class="org-ul">
<li>no response as yet</li>
<li>we note they are also a busy volunteer driven project</li>
<li>somewhat expecting they will release the unused server</li>
<li>we haz a sad</li>
<li>don't think we will be able to purchase the second node</li>
<li>this would be 50% of/would double vs current monthly co-lo costs</li>
</ul></li>
<li>assigned machine is huge but planned to be used just for signing</li>
<li></li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org8fa9740" class="outline-3">
<h3 id="org8fa9740"><span class="section-number-3">3.3</span> Expansion plans</h3>
<div class="outline-text-3" id="text-3-3">
</div>
<div id="outline-container-orgeaf7f74" class="outline-4">
<h4 id="orgeaf7f74"><span class="section-number-4">3.3.1</span> UT - updating Debian (bullseye)</h4>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org053c1df" class="outline-4">
<h4 id="org053c1df"><span class="section-number-4">3.3.2</span> Hive - need UEFI keys?</h4>
<div class="outline-text-4" id="text-3-3-2">
</div>
<ol class="org-ol">
<li><a id="org4f8489f"></a>hammy didn't have email confirming USB receipt<br /></li>
<li><a id="org7ddfbbf"></a>Thomas will forward<br /></li>
</ol>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org9419fc2" class="outline-4">
<h4 id="org9419fc2"><span class="section-number-4">3.3.3</span> No work has been done on the London location</h4>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org7a12e8b" class="outline-4">
<h4 id="org7a12e8b"><span class="section-number-4">3.3.4</span> 12 new proxmox nodes</h4>
<div class="outline-text-4" id="text-3-3-4">
<p>
updates, install proxmox, recommend logging into each node
This to check.  Thomas can show you how to check, review what to check.
</p>
</div>
<ol class="org-ol">
<li><a id="orge0d8312"></a>Thomas to document list of things to check?<br /></li>
<li><a id="org613a63a"></a>Hope to create a rotation (nodes per week?)<br /></li>
<li><a id="orge0b2dff"></a>This could be a good "test" for our new approach to documentation<br />
<ol class="org-ol">
<li><a id="orgeb68089"></a>leaders to take "scoping and planning" offline<br /></li>
<li><a id="orgf14d4e4"></a>let tech teammembers know the specific questions/time commitments<br /></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-orgddec1e9" class="outline-2">
<h2 id="orgddec1e9"><span class="section-number-2">4</span> AARCH64</h2>
<div class="outline-text-2" id="text-4">
</div>
<div id="outline-container-orgee0f9dc" class="outline-3">
<h3 id="orgee0f9dc"><span class="section-number-3">4.1</span> aquired some 240gb SATA SSD</h3>
<div class="outline-text-3" id="text-4-1">
<ul class="org-ul">
<li>purchased caddies from amazon (using credit we have)</li>
<li>thomas will stage send to hammy</li>
<li>targeting BOS for initial install of addl SSD for each node</li>
<li>future options
<ul class="org-ul">
<li>repurpose/add a node to AARCH64 to be a "cloud disk" host</li>
<li>could purchase riser card, perhaps NVMe capable (experimental!)</li>
<li>(jonathon) Backblaze might donate some hardware :thinking:</li>
</ul></li>
<li>(nik) do we have data center support?</li>
<li>(thomas) the are pulled from the floor but we can get support</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org8bdc84c" class="outline-3">
<h3 id="org8bdc84c"><span class="section-number-3">4.2</span> Commercial Cloud Provider Support</h3>
<div class="outline-text-3" id="text-4-2">
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org7502869" class="outline-4">
<h4 id="org7502869"><span class="section-number-4">4.2.1</span> Oracle has launched a program to support FOSS</h4>
<div class="outline-text-4" id="text-4-2-1">
</div>
<ol class="org-ol">
<li><a id="org5387190"></a>Thomas is reaching out to see if they can donate credits to us<br /></li>
</ol>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-orgb06ef8b" class="outline-4">
<h4 id="orgb06ef8b"><span class="section-number-4">4.2.2</span> AWS has given us USD 5k credit &amp; USD 3K gift card to amazon.com</h4>
</div>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org26a8e1f" class="outline-3">
<h3 id="org26a8e1f"><span class="section-number-3">4.3</span> FOSS Project Conservation Updates</h3>
<div class="outline-text-3" id="text-4-3">
</div>
<div id="outline-container-orgada3eea" class="outline-4">
<h4 id="orgada3eea"><span class="section-number-4">4.3.1</span> part of our original orginal focus</h4>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org28ad8b3" class="outline-4">
<h4 id="org28ad8b3"><span class="section-number-4">4.3.2</span> give projects org (as well as tech) infrastructure/support</h4>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-orgae3c5ef" class="outline-4">
<h4 id="orgae3c5ef"><span class="section-number-4">4.3.3</span> there are similar projects but nothing we think is "quite us"</h4>
<div class="outline-text-4" id="text-4-3-3">
</div>
<ol class="org-ol">
<li><a id="org6260bb2"></a>SPI - Software In the Public Interest<br /></li>
<li><a id="org207a801"></a>Open Collective<br /></li>
<li><a id="org817e559"></a>GNU<br /></li>
</ol>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-orgcca270d" class="outline-4">
<h4 id="orgcca270d"><span class="section-number-4">4.3.4</span> working title for the work is now "FOSSBANK"</h4>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org70c5786" class="outline-4">
<h4 id="org70c5786"><span class="section-number-4">4.3.5</span> at the prototype stage</h4>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-orgb9a77a9" class="outline-4">
<h4 id="orgb9a77a9"><span class="section-number-4">4.3.6</span> flavor of flow/products</h4>
<div class="outline-text-4" id="text-4-3-6">
</div>
<ol class="org-ol">
<li><a id="orgf4d98a0"></a>products apply (completely sep from FH)<br /></li>
<li><a id="org6bd9cd1"></a>similar to credit check<br />
<ol class="org-ol">
<li><a id="org36e5b88"></a>we apply a formulaic scoring system ("Secret Sauce"?)<br /></li>
<li><a id="org40e1034"></a>provide a history and profile<br /></li>
<li><a id="org2bfa1c7"></a>option to make your records public to meet transparency goals<br /></li>
</ol>
</li>
<li><a id="org48e7539"></a>once approved projects receive requested funds as loans<br />
<ol class="org-ol">
<li><a id="orgb42151c"></a>"virtual accounts", not actually providing a true "bank" service<br /></li>
</ol>
</li>
<li><a id="org70167fc"></a>access to legal and other professional services<br /></li>
<li><a id="org33b6cee"></a>acceptable to use this money to "pay yourself"<br />
<ol class="org-ol">
<li><a id="orgf56b0b6"></a>salaries<br /></li>
<li><a id="orga272b60"></a>"outside" professional and other expenses<br /></li>
</ol>
</li>
<li><a id="org5e54581"></a>Very new/WIP still; we'll share further updates as things get "closer"<br />
<div class="outline-text-5" id="text-4-3-6-6">
<p>
**
</p>
</div>
</li>
</ol>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org6e40611" class="outline-2">
<h2 id="org6e40611"><span class="section-number-2">5</span> Chat Channels</h2>
<div class="outline-text-2" id="text-5">
</div>
<div id="outline-container-orgdd739a9" class="outline-3">
<h3 id="orgdd739a9"><span class="section-number-3">5.1</span> We have quite a few right now</h3>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org689719e" class="outline-3">
<h3 id="org689719e"><span class="section-number-3">5.2</span> VC text vs VC text private is especially confusing</h3>
<div class="outline-text-3" id="text-5-2">
</div>
<div id="outline-container-org17a2db2" class="outline-4">
<h4 id="org17a2db2"><span class="section-number-4">5.2.1</span> generally use priv when chatting in a volunteers only</h4>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-orgb13864c" class="outline-4">
<h4 id="orgb13864c"><span class="section-number-4">5.2.2</span> renamed to include "volunteers" in the name</h4>
</div>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-orgd9570be" class="outline-3">
<h3 id="orgd9570be"><span class="section-number-3">5.3</span> some roadmap opportunities with</h3>
</div>
</div>
<div id="outline-container-orgeeb63bb" class="outline-2">
<h2 id="orgeeb63bb"><span class="section-number-2">6</span> Meeting ended (16:00)</h2>
</div>
</div>
<div id="postamble" class="status">
<p class="author">Author: Corwin Brust</p>
<p class="date">Created: 2021-08-29 Sun 20:11</p>
<p class="validation"><a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">Validate</a></p>
</div>
</body>
</html>
