% Created 2021-08-29 Sun 20:12
% Intended LaTeX compiler: pdflatex
\documentclass[11pt]{article}
\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{grffile}
\usepackage{longtable}
\usepackage{wrapfig}
\usepackage{rotating}
\usepackage[normalem]{ulem}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{textcomp}
\usepackage{amssymb}
\usepackage{capt-of}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\author{Corwin Brust}
\date{\today}
\title{Notes from FOSSHOST all hands meetings Aug 2021}
\hypersetup{
 pdfauthor={Corwin Brust},
 pdftitle={Notes from FOSSHOST all hands meetings Aug 2021},
 pdfkeywords={},
 pdfsubject={},
 pdfcreator={Emacs 27.1 (Org mode 9.4.2)}, 
 pdflang={English}}
\begin{document}

\maketitle
\tableofcontents

\begin{quote}
These are the full and complete minutes recording the Aug 2021
FOSSHOST team ("All Hands") meeting. The overall status section was
added after the meeting.  There may be errors or omissions due e.g, to
digression; however, these notes were not (otherwise)
redacted/trimmed.  (Corwin)
\end{quote}
\begin{center}
\includegraphics[width=.9\linewidth]{fh-banner.png}
\end{center}
\section{Overall Status}
\label{sec:org3a9b655}

\begin{itemize}
\item We've added a number of new volunteers so far in 2021.

This was a first or second team meeting for several; we
did quick round of self-introductions from new-volunteers.

\item The network is also growing.

The next section lists our pending and in-flight deployments of
into new/expanded CoLo.

\item Progress is slow on documentation/policy/etc work.

Today we discussed the need to make good use of volunteers time
creating documentation by having specific "documentation projects"
prioritized and with questions and in idea of the time commitments
involved for SMEs to plan to better support that type of work
without disrupting other important work.

\item FOSSHOST will provide volunteers with headsets

If you need an headset, e.g. to participate in the team call let
Hope or another lead know. This doesn't cost cash thanks to
gift-card from Amazon!
\end{itemize}

\subsection{Additional Colo/Deployments}
\label{sec:org817e9cb}
\begin{center}
\begin{tabular}{ll}
Location & Status\\
Utah & finish OS updates; deploy AARCH64 (hammy, team)\\
Boston & finish OS updates; deploy AARCH64 (hammy/team)\\
London & reqs FH staff onsite (thomas, deploy switch)\\
Canada & Setup pending, awaiting staff-time/priority\\
\end{tabular}
\end{center}

\section{Call to order (14:15)}
\label{sec:org6af6758}
\subsection{Thanks for joining}
\label{sec:org787a882}
\subsection{Good community feedback (as seen in chat)}
\label{sec:org0604b51}
\subsection{Cloud Mercado feedback is out}
\label{sec:org5e835a8}
\subsubsection{Being compared to paid platforms (while we're on a budget)}
\label{sec:org8f9ff6a}
\subsubsection{Not embarrassing; in-flight improvements we're considered}
\label{sec:org92bcc98}
\subsection{New volunteers}
\label{sec:org816b339}
\section{TODOs}
\label{sec:org7baa21d}
\subsection{Update (or remove) WIKI}
\label{sec:orge015502}
\subsubsection{Corwin: focus on standalone documents in git}
\label{sec:org9d24136}
\subsubsection{Alyx: automation/federation}
\label{sec:orgfe34016}
\subsubsection{Corwin: process gets stale/ignored fast}
\label{sec:org85b3b26}
\subsubsection{Alyx: balance of expectations vs "not too worried about it"}
\label{sec:org282dbaa}
\subsubsection{{\bfseries\sffamily TODO} research/suggest approach (Alyx)}
\label{sec:org4a0f003}
\begin{itemize}
\item get alignment from Nate/Hammy\&Corwin/Hope or Thomas
\end{itemize}
\subsection{RL - dedicated infra via equinix metal}
\label{sec:org68576db}
\begin{itemize}
\item project needed complex infra neededing dedicated infra
\item due to requirements around protecting signing-certs for gov use
\item not using due to need for an additional "jump-box"
\item this also needs a (second) dedicated host
\item nik a reached out to RL last week,
\begin{itemize}
\item no response as yet
\item we note they are also a busy volunteer driven project
\item somewhat expecting they will release the unused server
\item we haz a sad
\item don't think we will be able to purchase the second node
\item this would be 50\% of/would double vs current monthly co-lo costs
\end{itemize}
\item assigned machine is huge but planned to be used just for signing
\item 
\end{itemize}
\subsection{Expansion plans}
\label{sec:org6f5d13a}
\subsubsection{UT - updating Debian (bullseye)}
\label{sec:org4576b07}
\subsubsection{Hive - need UEFI keys?}
\label{sec:org26e49f2}
\begin{enumerate}
\item hammy didn't have email confirming USB receipt
\label{sec:org03bafa0}
\item Thomas will forward
\label{sec:orgb8b1ee1}
\end{enumerate}
\subsubsection{No work has been done on the London location}
\label{sec:org5a68f54}
\subsubsection{12 new proxmox nodes}
\label{sec:org0f09bef}
updates, install proxmox, recommend logging into each node
This to check.  Thomas can show you how to check, review what to check.
\begin{enumerate}
\item Thomas to document list of things to check?
\label{sec:orgea93c29}
\item Hope to create a rotation (nodes per week?)
\label{sec:org6fc42d5}
\item This could be a good "test" for our new approach to documentation
\label{sec:orgb249e35}
\begin{enumerate}
\item leaders to take "scoping and planning" offline
\label{sec:org33575fa}
\item let tech teammembers know the specific questions/time commitments
\label{sec:orga2b0b20}
\end{enumerate}
\end{enumerate}
\section{AARCH64}
\label{sec:org773bd8e}
\subsection{aquired some 240gb SATA SSD}
\label{sec:orgc1ec28e}
\begin{itemize}
\item purchased caddies from amazon (using credit we have)
\item thomas will stage send to hammy
\item targeting BOS for initial install of addl SSD for each node
\item future options
\begin{itemize}
\item repurpose/add a node to AARCH64 to be a "cloud disk" host
\item could purchase riser card, perhaps NVMe capable (experimental!)
\item (jonathon) Backblaze might donate some hardware :thinking:
\end{itemize}
\item (nik) do we have data center support?
\item (thomas) the are pulled from the floor but we can get support
\end{itemize}
\subsection{Commercial Cloud Provider Support}
\label{sec:org9c22d52}
\subsubsection{Oracle has launched a program to support FOSS}
\label{sec:org410ec91}
\begin{enumerate}
\item Thomas is reaching out to see if they can donate credits to us
\label{sec:orga20607e}
\end{enumerate}
\subsubsection{AWS has given us USD 5k credit \& USD 3K gift card to amazon.com}
\label{sec:org84a2573}
\subsection{FOSS Project Conservation Updates}
\label{sec:org63a597c}
\subsubsection{part of our original orginal focus}
\label{sec:org76f37c6}
\subsubsection{give projects org (as well as tech) infrastructure/support}
\label{sec:orgc1693e7}
\subsubsection{there are similar projects but nothing we think is "quite us"}
\label{sec:org1e718a7}
\begin{enumerate}
\item SPI - Software In the Public Interest
\label{sec:org3f88b13}
\item Open Collective
\label{sec:org22c9cd2}
\item GNU
\label{sec:org04ee509}
\end{enumerate}
\subsubsection{working title for the work is now "FOSSBANK"}
\label{sec:orgca17b3b}
\subsubsection{at the prototype stage}
\label{sec:orgf97606d}
\subsubsection{flavor of flow/products}
\label{sec:org37bbf22}
\begin{enumerate}
\item products apply (completely sep from FH)
\label{sec:orgf322caa}
\item similar to credit check
\label{sec:org4f5fb4c}
\begin{enumerate}
\item we apply a formulaic scoring system ("Secret Sauce"?)
\label{sec:orgf012cd7}
\item provide a history and profile
\label{sec:orga4959bf}
\item option to make your records public to meet transparency goals
\label{sec:orgec438b0}
\end{enumerate}
\item once approved projects receive requested funds as loans
\label{sec:org2fc5ba4}
\begin{enumerate}
\item "virtual accounts", not actually providing a true "bank" service
\label{sec:orgb90c44b}
\end{enumerate}
\item access to legal and other professional services
\label{sec:org084d1b5}
\item acceptable to use this money to "pay yourself"
\label{sec:org7a6eefe}
\begin{enumerate}
\item salaries
\label{sec:org6529920}
\item "outside" professional and other expenses
\label{sec:orgc3c88e7}
\end{enumerate}
\item Very new/WIP still; we'll share further updates as things get "closer"
\label{sec:orgbeccf3b}
**
\end{enumerate}
\section{Chat Channels}
\label{sec:orgbca646e}
\subsection{We have quite a few right now}
\label{sec:org74ab0f9}
\subsection{VC text vs VC text private is especially confusing}
\label{sec:orge426c9f}
\subsubsection{generally use priv when chatting in a volunteers only}
\label{sec:orge3cf142}
\subsubsection{renamed to include "volunteers" in the name}
\label{sec:orgabc7052}
\subsection{some roadmap opportunities with}
\label{sec:org6c0ba30}
\section{Meeting ended (16:00)}
\label{sec:orgb26a5c5}
\end{document}